Most asteroids are found between Mars and Jupiter.
Astronauts travel into space in a spacecraft.
There were two loud explosions and then the building collapsed.
The space shuttle stayed in orbit around the Earth.
There is a plaque on the moon that says when the first landing took place.
A space shuttle is used to travel between the Earth and a space station.
Altogether there are 8 planets in our solar system.
The atmosphere surrounds the Earth and protects it from the sun's rays.
The crew of a spaceship have to train very hard before they can go into space.
Sorry, but this pizza is disgusting. It tastes horrible.
A spaceship is a fantastic work of engineering.
One day mankind might need a new home on another planet.
Space travel has made it possible to land on the moon.
Sunrise tomorrow is around 6 a.m.
Sunset tomorrow is around 8.30 p.m.
There's a warning not to go into the water. There are jellyfish.
You want to sell your car? I saw your advert in the local newspaper.
In the future there will probably be several kinds of spacecraft to take us into space.
We use the plane for private and commercial flights.
Tell me why you did that. I demand an answer.
It's a very expensive multibillion-dollar project.
The race was won by a privately owned yacht.
She wants to celebrate her birthday next weekend.
He and his girlfriend broke up last week. He's miserable and feeling very depressed.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but I think you should see this now.
Her picture was a brilliant piece of art - a masterpiece.
Neither you nor / will be able to travel to other planets for many years.
She replied to his question immediately.
The biosphere is the area of the planet where organisms live, including the ground and the air.
Cloning is an example of genetic engineering.
It's gravity that makes satellites move around the Earth.
The computer lab is an essential resource for students.
About one third of the Earth's surface is land.
After the earthquake, many of the ruined houses were uninhabitable.
The commander of the spaceship gave his orders to the crew.
Shopping all day was very tiring. I'm exhausted!